.\" Copyright (c) 2005 Matthew Holder (sixxgate@hotmail.com
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is disstributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" 
.\"     @(#)mrundlg.1	1.0 (MatthewHolder) 7/12/2005
.\" $Id
.\"
.Dd July 12, 2005
.Dt MRUNDLG 1 CON
.Os "X Window" "version 11"
.Sh NAME
.Nm mrundlg
.Nd An application launcher dialog box for Motif/X like Windows Run Dialog.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl toolkitoption...
.Op Ar file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
pops up a window to prompt the user to type in a command to run.  It provides
additional functionaly:
.Pp
.Dl - Allow the user to start the command in an X Terminal Window
.Pp
.Dl - Detect if the command is a URL and start it in a defined browser
.Sh OPTIONS
.Nm
is build upon Motif/X (Xm) and as such understands all the
normal command line options (as described in
.Xr X 1 Ns ) Ns \&.
.Sh WIDGET AND RESOURCE NAMES
.Nm
supports all the standard resources of the widgets used in mmore.  No additional
resources are defined.  Please refer to the application default file, typically
/usr/X11R6/lib/X11/app-defaults/MRunDlg.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Nm
uses the following environment variables:
.Bl -tag -width ".Ev BROWSER"
.It Ev XTERM
This environment variable is set to the program that will be used to define
the name of the terminal to use when running commands.  The default is xterm.
.It Ev BROWSER
This environment variable is set to the program that will be used for viewing
URLs beginning with "http://", "ftp://", "www.", and "ftp."
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Nm
is as simple as running it:
.Pp
.Dl mrundlg &
.Pp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr X 1
.Xr exec 1
.Xr system 2
.Xr X 7
.Sh BUGS
Don't know if there are any.
.Sh AUTHOR
.An "Matthew Holder"
(6XGate Incorporated)
.Aq sixxgate@hotmail.com Ns
\&.
